[Music]
seven tips on how to lose weight
naturally and quickly nowadays there are
a lot of popular ways to lose weight
some people prefer being on a diet
others do exercises every single day are
there any other natural ways to deal
with this problem we found some easy and
useful ideas that will help you lose
weight naturally number seven drink
lemon water everyone knows that lemons
are full of vitamins that are good for
our health according to the nutritionist
lemon water is also one of the best
recipes to lose weight the thing is
lemons improve the work of gaston and
terry tracks and restore our mineral
turnover just don't forget to keep
drinking lemon water after you've lost
weight this will help you keep your new
and achieved goal weight
number six take apple cider vinegar
apple cider vinegar contains essential
elements that can have a beneficial
effect on your nervous and digestive
systems they also stimulate metabolic
processes and suppress appetite fix one
or two teaspoons of natural apple cider
vinegar in a glass of water and drink it
once a day 30 minutes before the meal
never drink apple cider vinegar after
eating as it may Sabir Lee influence
your nutritive process
number five drink green tea instead of a
regular one green tea has been used for
centuries to facilitate and improve
digestion as well as to stabilize blood
sugar it protects you against numerous
diseases including cancer and diabetes
so it's no surprise that this magical
drink can help you keep a slim physique
the conditions in green tea burn fat by
freeing it from fat cells drink three to
five cups of green tea daily to feel
refreshed
[Music]
number four exercise yes we know
sometimes it's hard to find motivation
to go to the gym and do all these
push-ups and spots but training gives
you the greatest results Plus exercise
will lessen your stress level raise your
energy and make you stronger and tougher
just set a particular regimen and
workout at least 15 minutes every day
it's always hard in the beginning but
your body will thank you later
number three stick to a healthy diet
try to remove junk food sugar and salt
from your menu and see what happens all
these products have a tremendous effect
on your bodies eat more fresh fruits and
vegetables they will help your body burn
more calories and feel full longer the
most important thing is a balance you
can eat a piece of cake in the afternoon
as long as you eat something healthier
for dinner
for example skinless chicken breast
which are high in protein and low in fat
after all you are what you eat
number two drink more water drinking
water is the ultimate recipe for good
skin and maintaining the balance of body
fluids it is also one of the greatest
weight loss strategies recent studies
show that drinking plenty of water
through the day helps you lose weight
very fast the best thing is that you
don't have to make any significant
changes in your everyday life or eating
habits just increase your water intake
sounds quite impressive right drinking
water before meals and also reduce
appetite it is recommended to drink 8
glasses of water per day to feel good
and be healthy
[Music]
number one get proper sleep if you won't
believe it but it's true clipping can
help you lose weight in fact horse sleep
is one of the key factors of weight gain
it also highly increases your appetite
making you crave for midnight snacks
cleve helps your body and brain to
recharge at bedtime
your cells reproduce and repair you
should get seven to nine hours of sleep
each night to wake up relax and be
productive do you have any tips on how
to lose weight fast leave them in the
comments below and if you want to see
more videos like this click subscribe to
join us on the bright side of life don't
forget to hit the like button below the
video and share it with your friends
stay beautiful and healthy
[Music]